# Finished ELEC4630 A2!

I have just completed Assignment 2 for ELEC4630 and what an adventure it has been! ~4 weeks ago I had never heard of a dev container before and I don't know how I lived without them! After the initial struggles of setting them up, I was blown away by their ease of use and how I never had to worry about package updates causing my program to break. Furthermore, as I bounce between a laptop for university and my home PC, having the same environment regardless of what machine I was on was incredibly useful and removed a heap of sturggle trying to get the two machines setup identically otherwise. 

The resources Professor Brian Lovell provided are second to none and I am incredibly grateful for all of the work he has put into this course. It has defininetly been my most enjoyable course at uni thus far.

The actual content of this assignment was incredibly interesting. Now that I am aware of how easy it is to train image recognition models, I have a few ideas for little projects I can do around the house to solidify my understanding in the area whilst also improving my quality of life. I found the entire fingerprint recognition part of the assignment incredibly fascinating and it was really cool to see how traiditonal computer vision techniques can be utilised to determine matches.

Overall, I really enjoyed this assignment and cannot wait to employ all the skills I have learnt to solve assignment 3. I will keep my blog updated with my progress throughout the next assignment as well as studying for the final exam.